Welcome to the jungle we've
got fun and games
We got everything you want
honey, we know the names
We are the people that can
find whatever you may need
If you got the money honey we
got your disease
In the jungle, welcome to the jungle
Watch it bring you to your
knees, knees
I want to watch you bleed
Welcome to the jungle we take
it day by day
If you want it you're gonna
bleed but it's the price to
pay
And you're a very sexy girl
that's very hard to please
You can taste the bright
lights but you won't get there
for free
In the jungle welcome to the jungle
Feel my, my, my serpentine
Ooh, I want to hear you scream
Welcome to the jungle it gets
worse here every day
Ya learn to live like an
animal in the jungle where we
play
If you hunger for what you see
you'll take it eventually
You can have everything you
want but you better not take
it from me
In the jungle, welcome to the jungle
Watch it bring you to your
knees, knees
I want to watch you bleed
And when you're high you never
ever want to come down
So down, so down, so down, yeah
You know where you are?
You're down in the jungle
baby, you're gonna die
In the jungle welcome to the jungle
Watch it bring you to your knees, knees
Feel my, my, my serpentine
In the jungle welcome to the jungle
Watch it bring you to your knees, knees
Watch it bring you to you
Its gonna bring you down, ha!!
www.RentAnAdviser.com